How to play Uno

In Uno, there are four colors, red, blue, yellow, green, as well as wild cards.
Each card (except for the wild cards) have a number or symbol. Each player 
starts with seven cards, one card is flipped over from the top of the deck as
the start card. You, the player, goes first. The card you play must play a card
from your hand that matches either the color, or the number/action of the start 
card. You play a card with the command "play" followed by the name of the card.
Then play passes to the computer, which must also play a card that matches
the color or number/action of the card you played, which is the new top card.
Play continues in this manner until one player either a) has only one card left
or b) one player doesn't have any playable cards. In the case that a player has
only one card left, they must declare "Uno!" by typing the command "uno".  

Every time a player has only one card left, even if they had one card, drew a 
card, then immediately played that card, they must declare uno. If another
player declares uno before the player with only one card, then the player with 
only one card will automatically draw two cards.  

If a player has no playable cards, they must draw a card from the deck with the 
command "draw." If that card is playable, the player can play in with the "play"
command, if not, the player passes with the "pass" command. You cannot pass 
unless you've drawn a card.  

If the start card is an action card that is not a Wild or a Wild PlusFour, then 
the action applies to the first player. If the start card is a Wild then the 
first player gets to choose an initial color. If the start card is a Wild  
PlusFour it will be returned to the deck, the deck will be reshuffled, and a new 
start card will be drawn.  

NumberCards: Each card (except Wild cards) has a color, and a number or action.
The numbered cards have the numbers 0 through 9 and are played by matching
either the color or number to the top card. They are played with the command
"play" followed by the color of the card, then its number, for example,
"play blue 7" or "play Yellow 8". The commands are not case sensitive. 

The action cards all have colors and actions, either Reverse, Skip, or PlusTwo.
They are played by matching either their color or action to the top card.
They are played with the command "play" followed by the color then the action,
for example, "play blue skip" or "play green plustwo". The commands are not
case sensitive.  

Reverse: Reverse cards reverse the direction of game play. In a two player game 
they have no effect. They are played with the command "play <color> reverse" for
example, to play a green reverse, use "play green reverse". The commands are 
not case sensitive. 

Skip: Skip cards skip the next player's turn. In a two player game, playing a 
Skip allows you to immediately play another card. They are played with the 
command "play <color> skip" for example, to play a green skip, use 
"play green skip". The commands are not case sensitive. 

PlusTwo: PlusTwo cards (also called Draw Twos) force the next player to draw two 
cards from the deck, and skips their turn. If a PlusTwo is played on you, you 
will automatically draw two cards.  They are played with the command 
"play <color> plustwo" for example, to play a green plustwo, use 
"play green plustwo". The commands are not case sensitive. 

Wild: The wild cards are either Wild or Wild PlusFour. These cards can be 
played whenever it's your turn, and do not have to match the top card.
When the computer plays a wild, it will be displayed as "Color Wild", where 
Color is the color the computer chose. You must play a card from your hand that
matches the color the computer has chosen.
Wild cards are played with the command "play wild" followed by the color you
want to change it to. For example, "play wild red" or "play wild yellow".
The commands are not case sensitive. 

PlusFour: When a Wild PlusFour is played, the next player will have to draw four 
cards. If a PlusFour is played on you, you will automatically draw four cards. 
Drawing counts as the drawing player's turn. 
Wild PlusFours are played with the command "play plusfour" followed by the 
color you want to change it to. For example, "play plusfour green". The 
commands are not case sensitive. 

The game ends when one player plays all of their cards.  

The above rules are for Standard Mode.
For Stacking Mode, the rules are almost identical, except you can stack 
plustwos, and cards with the same number (and so play multiple cards on your
turn). 
For Draw Forever Mode, the rules are almost identical except if you have no
playable cards, you must draw cards until you have a card you can play, and 
then play that card to end your turn. 